Title: Terms of Service
Date: 2013-07-13

By using the Cocode.org web site ("Service"), or any services of Cocode LTD
(Cocode), you are agreeing to be bound by the following terms and conditions
("Terms of Service"). IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A
COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO
BIND SUCH ENTITY, ITS AFFILIATES AND ALL USERS WHO ACCESS OUR SERVICES THROUGH
YOUR ACCOUNT TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, IN WHICH CASE THE TERMS "YOU" OR
"YOUR" SHALL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY, ITS AFFILIATES AND USERS ASSOCIATED WITH IT.
IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS, YOU MUST NOT ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND MAY NOT USE THE SERVICES.

If Cocode makes material changes to these Terms, we will notify you by email
or by posting a notice on our site before the changes are effective. Any new
features that augment or enhance the current Service, including the release
of new tools and resources, shall be subject to the Terms of Service.
Continued use of the Service after any such changes shall constitute your
consent to such changes. You can review the most current version of the Terms
of Service at any time at:
[http://cocode.org/terms-of-service/](http://cocode.org/terms-of-service/).

Violation of any of the terms below will result in the termination of your
Account. While Cocode prohibits such conduct and Content on the Service, you
understand and agree that Cocode cannot be responsible for the Content posted
on the Service and you nonetheless may be exposed to such materials. You agree
to use the Service at your own risk.

### General Conditions

1. Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The service is provided on
   an "as is" and "as available" basis.

2. Support for Cocode services is only available in English, via email.

3. You understand that Cocode uses third party vendors and hosting partners
   to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and
   related technology required to run the Service.

4. You must not modify, adapt or hack the Service or modify another website
   so as to falsely imply that it is associated with the Service, Cocode, or
   any other Cocode service.

5. You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any
   portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service
   without the express written permission by Cocode.

6. Cocode does not warrant that (i) the service will meet your specific
   requirements, (ii) the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure,
   or error-free, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the
   service will be accurate or reliable, (iv) the quality of any products,
   services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you
   through the service will meet your expectations, and (v) any errors in the
   Service will be corrected.

7. You expressly understand and agree that Cocode shall not be liable for any
   direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages,
   including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use,
   data or other intangible losses (even if Cocode has been advised of the
   possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability
   to use the service; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and
   services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased
   or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or
   from the service; (iii) unauthorised access to or alteration of your
   transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on
   the service; (v) or any other matter relating to the service.

8. The failure of Cocode to exercise or enforce any right or provision of
   the Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or
   provision. The Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between
   you and Cocode and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior
   agreements between you and Cocode (including, but not limited to, any prior
   versions of the Terms of Service). You agree that these Terms of Service
   and Your use of the Service are governed under English law.

9. Cocode reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or
   discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof)
   with or without notice.

10. Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to
    [support@cocode.org](mailto:support@cocode.org).

### Copyright and Content Ownership

1. You retain your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or
   through the Services. By submitting, posting or displaying Content on or
   through the Services, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive,
   royalty-free license (with the right to sub-license) to use, copy,
   reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and
   distribute such Content in any and all media or distribution methods
   (now known or later developed).

2. Cocode does not moderate Content, but Cocode and its designee have the
   right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or
   remove any Content that is available via the Service.

3. You shall defend Cocode against any claim, demand, suit or proceeding
   made or brought against Cocode by a third party alleging that Your Content,
   or Your use of the Service in violation of this Agreement, infringes or
   misappropriates the intellectual property rights of a third party or
   violates applicable law, and shall indemnify Cocode for any damages
   finally awarded against, and for reasonable attorney’s fees incurred by,
   Cocode in connection with any such claim, demand, suit or proceeding;
   provided, that Cocode (a) promptly gives You written notice of the claim,
   demand, suit or proceeding; (b) gives You sole control of the defence and
   settlement of the claim, demand, suit or proceeding (provided that You may
   not settle any claim, demand, suit or proceeding unless the settlement
   unconditionally releases Cocode of all liability); and (c) provides to You
   all reasonable assistance, at Your expense.

4. The look and feel of the Service is copyright ©2013 Cocode LTD. All rights
   reserved. You may not duplicate, copy, or reuse any portion of the
   HTML/CSS, JavaScript, or visual design elements or concepts without
   express written permission from Cocode.

### Cancellation and Termination

1. All of your Content will be immediately deleted from the Service upon
   cancellation. This information can not be recovered once your account is
   cancelled.

2. Cocode, in its sole discretion, has the right to suspend or terminate your
   account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service, or
   any other Cocode service, for any reason at any time. Such termination of
   the Service will result in the deactivation or deletion of your Account or
   your access to your Account, and the forfeiture and relinquishment of all
   Content in your Account. Cocode reserves the right to refuse service to
   anyone for any reason at any time.

